Add alias (#8)
ISSOtm/rgbds-structs: README.md

```asm
    ; RGBASM requires whitespace before the macro name
    struct NPC
    words 1, YPos         ;  2 bytes
    words 1, XPos         ;  2 bytes
    bytes 1, YBox         ;  1 byte
    bytes 1, XBox         ;  1 byte
    bytes 6, Name         ;  6 bytes

>     longs 4, MovementData ; 16 bytes

Reviewer: I also noticed a typo here so I fixed it in this PR (`longs 4`'s comment said "8 bytes")

Reviewer 2: That was an unsynced change, so thanks!

Note also that whitespace is **not** allowed in a struct or member's name.

Sometimes it's useful to give multiple names to the same area of memory, which can be accomplished with `alias`.

```asm
    struct Actor
        words 1, YPos
        words 1, XPos
        ; Since dunion is used, the following field will have 2 names

>         alias Money ; When this actor is the player, store how much money they have.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        alias Money ; If this actor is the player, store how much money they have.
```

>         words 1, Target ; When this actor is ann enemy, store their target actor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        words 1, Target ; If this actor is an enemy, store their target actor.
```

    end_struct
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Passing a size of 0 to any of `bytes`, `words`, or `longs` works the same.

```

Note also that whitespace is **not** allowed in a struct or member's name.

Sometimes it's useful to give multiple names to the same area of memory, which can be accomplished with `dunion`.

```asm
    struct Actor
        words 1, YPos
        words 1, XPos
        ; Since dunion is used, the following field will have 2 names

>         dunion Money ; When this actor is the player, store how much money they have.

Reviewer 2: Come to think, `alias` may be a better name.

        words 1, Target ; When this actor is ann enemy, store their target actor.
    end_struct
```

> However, a struct defined using `dunion` cannot be initialized using `dstructs`, as the field being initialized is ambiguous. For example, if a `dunion` is used to alias multiple fields, like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, a struct defined using `dunion` cannot be initialized using `dstruct`, as the field being initialized is ambiguous.
For example, if a `dunion` is used to alias multiple fields, like this:
```
